dear enlightened viewer this video
nmrkob wants to bring forward the Born
Free project a project to support the
born free foundation the Born Free
project is a project for a good cause by
nmrkob to mix your animal wildlife held
in captivity are being rescued from poor
conditions and set back in one of the
protected areas as Buddhist organization
we want to remind you we do good deeds
and Buddhists respect all living being
there are people who offer their life
royal or real estate and that's all
materialistic we offer hours for the
animal wildlife we can't survive without
nature nature offers life more beautiful
and more important than life does not
exist each day around the world animal
wildlife are being captured for tourist
attraction circus tests for medical
researches killed for the skin ivory or
collection and zoo please note all
animals are held in captivity in very
poor conditions now watching this video
only is not enough we call for action we
ask for your help and Mr ko bees born
free project does all kind of micro
projects to raise money for the animal
wildlife together with the Dutch DJ and
producer Damien s we have produced the
song nam-myoho-renge-kyo born free at
the end of this video you can listen to
a preview now donate and you receive as
gift two versions of this song a radio
edit and an extended edit you may decide
to help or not thank you for considering
you
I